Proposed edits to Burst InSAR product guide (#541)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs: docs/using/api.md

}
```

## Submitting Sentinel-1 Burst InSAR jobs

> You can submit InSAR jobs using the `INSAR_ISCE_BURST` job type, which takes a single pair of [ESA granule burst IDs](https://sentiwiki.copernicus.eu/web/s1-products#S1Products-BurstIDMapsS1-Products-Burst-ID-Maps){target=_blank}, or use the `INSAR_ISCE_MULTI_BURST` job type, which accepts lists of up to 15 contiguous along-track burst IDs that will be merged together to produce reference and secondary files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can submit InSAR jobs using the `INSAR_ISCE_BURST` job type, which takes a single pair of [ESA granule burst IDs](https://sentiwiki.copernicus.eu/web/s1-products#S1Products-BurstIDMapsS1-Products-Burst-ID-Maps){target=_blank}, or use the `INSAR_ISCE_MULTI_BURST` job type, which accepts lists of up to 15 contiguous along-track burst IDs that will be merged together to produce input reference and secondary SLCs.
```
